---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/age-of-the-dark-angels/"}
---

( - 2000 ---> - 300)

In the beginning, [[The Gods\|The Gods]] all created the world, each giving the Material Plane a gift. The immortals then retreated into the Celestial Planes, agreeing to grant the mortals freedom to develop on their own. For many eons, the mortals lived in tribal societies, fighting mighty beasts and waging petty wars. Few legends last from this era. The oldest documents recount the Age of The Dark Angels. For eternity, the Shining Light would fight with its counterpart, the Writhing Darkness for control over the Equilibrium. The Writhing Darkness wanted power and control, even over the other immortals. It wanted to torment the mortals, believing them to be savages and lesser creatures, undeserving of the gratuities granted to them by [[The Gods\|The Gods]]. The Writhing Darkness broke away from the Equilibrium, and absorbed a great star. The raw power caused the Writhing Darkness to become the Dark Star. The Dark Star then created an army of Celestial Footsoldiers known as Dark Angels. Together with its army of angels, it descended upon the Material Plane, when they did the very land was left engraved with their crash landing. The mountain created from the impact is now known as Cloud Peak. As its first act of defiance, the Dark Star pulled the moon in front of the sun, to create an eternal solar eclipse, exponentially increasing its power. The Dark Star commanded its angelic army to enslave or kill any living creature they encountered. The Dark Star planned to weaken the other Gods by cutting them off from their followers. Every religion except the worship of the Dark Star was banned, and if they failed to comply, there was swift retribution in the form of execution. All that was left of the old world was a society built on fear and death. The most fanatical worshippers of the Dark Star were granted wealth and power during this age. The Dark Star crafted three half-celestial generals with these worshippers: Tannur (Sorrow), Morkiel (Fear), and Zaphaos (Hopelessness). These were her most powerful angels. After millenia, the first enemy of the Dark Star was born. The Shining Light imbued a great deal of power into a mortal avatar, [[Sarath\|Sarath]]. Born into a family of powerful warlocks who worshipped the Dark Star, she began to exhibit her celestial powers. She feasted upon the immense arcane knowledge within her family libraries, and learned a crucial fact. There were crystals of creation left deep within the Cloud Peak mountain which held power over the respective God they represented. So, [[Sarath\|Sarath]] went to seek the assistance of Samkiel, a crazed loremaster of the Shining Light. Samkiel was imprisoned by the Dark Star for receiving a prophecy of its downfall, and driven mad by its sinister abilities. Armed with a plan to defeat the Dark Star, [[Sarath\|Sarath]] crafted a secret Order. The Order of the Eternal Light. [[Sarath\|Sarath]] searched for allies to begin her revolution against the Dark Star. She came across the Seven Flowers, a surviving religious group from the faewilds. She used the faerealm to contact Cygnus, a couatl aid of the Shining Light. She also called upon the help of the druids. [[Sarath\|Sarath]] and her Order conducted secret rituals to create highly reflective crystals. [[Sarath\|Sarath]] then excavated the special god-like crystals from the mountain, and used them to craft a mystical artifact known as the Radiant Globe of Annihilation. By channeling all the light from the reflective crystals into the globe with her celestial light magic, she could produce a force powerful enough to shatter the moon, allowing light to re-enter the realm. They did so, weakening the Dark Star to the point where it was imprisoned for eternity and it's angels were banished back to the hellish realms. The remnants of the shattered moon rise each night as a reminder to the never-ending night. Bringing forth an [[The Age of Brightness\|age of brightness.]]
