---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/resources/"}
---

Most of [[Aglarion\|Aglarion]]’s raw resources are owned by the kingdom’s monarchs, though some have been gifted to noble families over the past centuries. However, these cases are sporadic and considered the highest form of gratitude from the royal family. Those nobles who have been granted lands have also always been mandated to provide the kingdom with armed forces. The peasants, miners, foresters, and any workforce on locations owned by the crown are paid directly by the kingdom on a regular basis through [[The Royal Army\|The Royal Army]], which also serves as armed protection. 

The kingdom’s most important resources are its ore deposits, precious metal mines, fertile lands, and lush forests. Livestock, dairy products, many types of grains, vegetables, fruits, and other food resources are produced on farms of various sizes throughout the plains andhills of [[Aglarion\|Aglarion]]. Two of the larger, most productive farming communities are [[Harveston\|Harveston]] and [[Willow Creek\|Willow Creek]]. The kingdom’s best horses are bred and trained at the [[Royal Stud Farm\|Royal Stud Farm]] in the south, where one can also find [[Aglarion\|Aglarion]]’s most famous brewery, the [[Monastery of the Spirited Leaf\|Monastery of the Spirited Leaf]]. Seafood is abundant by the shores of the [[Calhay Sea\|Calhay Sea]], but the rivers and lakes of the realm also provide plenty of fresh-water fish and crabs. The legs of the giant toads that live near the North Bay Lighthouse are considered a culinary delicacy by the nobility of [[Onadbyr\|Onadbyr]]. 

Clay and marble, which are mined at the [[Sobruz Quarry\|Sobruz Quarry]] and penitentiary, are the most abundant resources of the kingdom. Iron and copper from the deep veins of the [[Smokestone Mine\|Smokestone Mine]] flows into [[Onadbyr\|Onadbyr]] steadily. Timber is cut mostly at Willow Creek Village, but [[House Nangrath\|House Nangrath]], [[House Gorso\|House Gorso]], and [[Harveston\|Harveston]] and also provide plenty of wood from the surrounding forests. The unique, sound-proof darkwood can be found in shadowy [[Blackwood Valley\|Blackwood Valley]], but its location is shrouded in mystery. 

The most scarce and precious resources of [[Aglarion\|Aglarion]] are actually in the hands of two noble families. Pearls recovered from the North Bay by the pearl hunters of Ronul’s End are owned and processed by [[House Ronul\|House Ronul]] and then sold in [[Onadbyr\|Onadbyr]] at an incredible profit. Gemstones of every variety are brought to the surface in the greatest secrecy by [[House Karramosa\|House Karramosa]] through the [[Monastery of Past Lives\|Monastery of Past Lives]] at Talanar’s Pond. [[Aglarion\|Aglarion]] imports many of the resources that it needs and can’t produce itself. The Royal Treasury and [[Aglarion\|Aglarion]]’s many independent merchants trade with any foreign entity that offers a fair deal. The most significant volume and variety of goods are shipped in and out of the east through the Royal Docks or through southern routes via the [[Drayl City-States\|Drayl City-States]]. These are relatively safe passages where more serious incidents such as monster attacks, pirate raids, or bandit assaults rarely happen.