---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/taxes-and-coinage/"}
---

One of the most significant forms of income for the Royal Treasury is from taxes. There are many petty taxes in place, and they are regularly collected with meticulous precision by [[The Royal Army\|The Royal Army]] and the guilds. However, [[King Waldrann\|King Waldrann]] has lowered most of the taxes and even eliminated many of the smaller ones due to the great prosperity of the Kingdom. The highest taxes currently are the ones related to export and import of goods through the borders of the kingdom, as well as guild, property, and harbor taxes, a wagon tax on wagons large enough to bedrawn by two large animals, a tax on temples, and one on all permanent shops. 

Citizens usually encounter only the gate tax of [[Onadbyr\|Onadbyr]], which costs 1 copper piece for each passing through its gates, or 1 silver piece of bridge tax collected when crossing [[The Azure Bridge\|The Azure Bridge]] and the [[Overpass of the Giants\|Overpass of the Giants]]. Guilds take about ten percent from the income of their members every month in the form of fixed and calculated taxes, keep some for expenses and forward the rest to the Royal Treasury. Those who don’t pay their taxes to the guild representatives are reported to the [[Red Cloaked Lawbringers\|Red Cloaked Lawbringers]], who swiftly investigate and settle the case.

All coins are minted with a delicate embroidered edge to make the chipping and scraping of the coin easily recognizable. The smallest of the coins, the copper piece, is round and easy to thread thanks to its hole. The silver piece is worth ten copper pieces, and it is square and easily distinguishable from the copper and gold coins even by touch. It bears the image of [[The Royal Palace\|The Royal Palace]] and river Nenock. The gold piece is worth ten silver pieces and significantly larger than the other two coins of lesser value. Both sides of the gold piece bear the image of [[King Waldrann\|King Waldrann]] Azennar. Shortly after his disastrous death in the adventure, it is changed to the depiction of [[Princess Aphinah\|Queen Aphinah]] Azennar. The platinum bar is the largest coinage, worth one hundred gold pieces. It is rarely used and mostly only for more significant transactions, meaning that many of the realm’s less wealthy subjects have never seen one in their lives. The platinum bar bears the image of Aglarion’s first king, [[Razmyrel Melkar\|Razmyrel Valsyr Melkar I]].