---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/the-age-of-brightness/"}
---

( - 300 ---> 0 )

Following the fall of [[Age of the Dark Angels\|the Dark Star's reign]], [[Sarath\|Sarath]] and the [[Order of Eternal Light\|Order of Eternal Light]] quickly filled their vacuum. One of the most loyal to the cause of [[Sarath\|Sarath]] was Rodnar. A cunning priest who was to cull any remaining Dark Angels and Devotees. The Priest executed his job with deadly efficiency, employing the assistance of Arzatraxos the Great Red Dragon. As [[Sarath\|Sarath]] the now Monarch grew older, Rodnar's ambitions only grew. After [[Sarath\|Sarath]]'s time was up, Rodnar became Archpriest. Rodnar renamed each church, one by one, into the [[Order of Eternal Light\|Order of Eternal Light]]. The people attempted to speak out against Rodnar, but he quickly transformed the utopia [[Sarath\|Sarath]] had built into a fierce inquisition. He would execute and assassinate all potential enemies as "enemies of the Shining Light" and "allies of [[The Dark Star\|the Dark Star]]". His most famous atrocity was the murder of almost the entire Seven Flowers in a single night. Rodnar promoted himself to Rodnar the "All-Seeing", the Almighty Priest-King. Only officials of the [[Order of Eternal Light\|Order of Eternal Light]] were allowed to govern his theocracy. Rodnar crafted magical lights that were to look upon the city at all times, even at night. Anyone who bore arcane talent was to catalogue themselves or be catalogued within the archives, and they were forced to work with the Order. Anyone who refused was either executed, or their talents were forcibly suppressed by anti-magical implants. The Order became more and more entwined with the kingdom, and they ruled with an iron fist for over three hundred years. Several rebellions sprang up from the kingdom, but they were all swiftly crushed by the Order. However, an upcoming rebel would bring forth an [[The Age of Kings\|age of kings.]]