---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/the-age-of-kings/"}
---

( 0 ---> Present )

During the theocracy of [[The Age of Brightness\|the Age of Brightness]], a clever man by the name of Razymrel Valsyr Melkar with the Help of a mighty mage by the name of Arlen, managed to topple the Order in but a single night. When Razymrel was a child, his family was executed for heresy, as officials of the Order coveted his family's vast lands. His benevolent house priest lied to order that everyone in his house was killed, as he had set it ablaze. Convinced the Melkar line was exterminated, the Order was satisfied. Razymrel grew to harbor contempt for the Order as he matured. Razymrel met his best friend, Arlen, a very talented wizard. Razymrel trained day and night to become a warrior without equal, while Arlen spent time studying ancient and obscure magics, slowly becoming an unparalleled magical force. The two would spend a long time travelling, searching for ways to destroy the Order. During their journeys, they encountered Cygnus. Cygnus revealed it was sent by [[The Gods\|the Gods]] to assist the pair in vanquishing the Order. The couatl trained the pair for years, making them unparalleled warriors. In the following years, Arlen discovered a way to summon the ancient ziggurat containing Samkiel. Samkiel's ramblings bestowed Arlen with unrivaled magical power, such power that any wizard other than he hadn't even seen the spells he would cast. Additionally, Samkiel's ramblings made Razymrel the mightiest of warriors throughout all of [[Aglarion\|Aglarion]]. The pair then went to work. Razymrel would use his charm to convince the nobles that he'd restore their lands and status and topple the Order, while Arlen would mind control the High-Priests of the Order. Once enough in-fighting was present, Arlen crafted a massive Golem army, and together with all of their recruits and golems, they stormed the castle. They slaughtered the Priest-King, and the ancient dragon Arzatraxos fled to the southern regions of the kingdom in order to escape the fury of the heroes. Razymrel was crowned king, and he quickly reinstated all other religions, and outlawed any worship of the Equilibrium. Arlen disassembled his golems to craft a great Collossus to protect the realm. Razymrel then created a group of "Lawbringers" who were to protect the laws this new kingdom would be founded upon. He granted them red cloaks to symbolize the suffering.